welcome to the man of recaps this is
fear the walking dead season six episode
two
we begin at what is apparently one of
virginia's prison camps where these
prisoners are given one last chance to
earn their freedom by killing a bunch of
zombies the door gets caught which
should make it easier to kill these
zombies on the floor but they're all
covered in goo for some reason and oh
it's all slippery people getting pulled
in yeah these zombies are the raptors
from jurassic park now alicia clark and
victor strand are on cleaning latrine
duty remember at the end of last season
regina split our whole group up among
different colonies to do different jobs
some rangers roll up and our group's old
swat truck and this one's a huge dick to
strand for no reason and stran talks
right back he's not taking that so
they're brought into the main settlement
lawton a happy western town they
befriend this teenager dakota who looks
exactly like virginia copied her
signature bangs in fact right now
virginia's getting those bangs cut by
our groups daniel salazar master barber
and also special forces badass but right
now he's acting like the meek old man
barber says he doesn't remember at least
you're a strand at all yeah he's
claiming to have amnesia when she's gone
strands like okay daniel we know you're
faking what's your plan but he's like no
i promise i'm not faking
yeah he's definitely faking when they
get to the prison camp they find another
member of our group charlie yeah she's
here because she kept running away also
janice is here who i completely forgot
about she's a newish member of the group
she's the sister of the guy who got
herself killed while filming on the
bridge in season five anyway strand
looks around and realizes they got a
bunch of badasses here the prisoners
outnumber the guards it's time to kill
them all and stage a prison break the
guards do have automatic rifles though
and our group's just given spears to
kill zombies so alicia's like yo i don't
think that's the best idea there's a
stowaway on the truck their new friend
dakota and turns out she didn't just
copy virginia's hairstyle she is
virginia's little sister she wants to
help to escape her sister i guess
because she realizes virginia's
generally the bad guy and she knows the
secret that can help the reason virginia
needs those zombies cleared is because
there's a weapon in there something they
could use against virginia first strand
and alicia have a little heart to heart
remember he gave up the keys to the swap
man to virginia to curry favor with her
at the end of last season he used that
favor when everyone was getting split up
to keep alicia with him because she
reminds him that he's really a good guy
these days she's like yeah man i got you
you're my uncle strand season one og's
gotta stick together and so it's zombie
clearing time they built this big ramp
fence thing to funnel the zombies into a
narrow point
work smarter not harder charlie's still
dumb though and gets herself crap
alicia's got to go in for the rescue and
also dakota comes in to savor new bffs
just then though the rangers come in and
find dakota but also just then the fence
gives out and we got a horde of zombies
flopping towards us so there's some more
zombie killing our gang is smart again
makes riot shields but the rangers are
dumb get themselves eaten still there's
too many they need a distraction so
strand gets to the rv and honks the horn
but these zombies won't be distracted by
anything but fresh meat this one
prisoner sanjay is a totally useless
coward but strand thinks of a way he can
help
oh he stabs him what throws him to the
zombies yeah they're turning around now
this is some season two shane hardcore
walking dead
stuff with distraction our girls get the
rangers guns and mow down the rest of
the zombies that's how our group handles
problems they go in the warehouse to get
the big weapon but there's no big weapon
here so when virginia arrives in force
they can't fight her they gotta keep
playing nice for now virginia reveals
there was a weapon in there it's the
classic trope you were the weapon
all along yeah she was looking for a
leader in a group smart and strong
enough to clear these zombies and now
she's found them
congratulations victor you just formed
us an army so she gives strand one of
the key pins they all wear yeah he's
moving up in the villain's ranks so
arguing shipping out to do army training
i guess
except for janice who he said to stay
here and do laundry duty part of his
master plan i assume will find out and
strand and alicia have another heart to
heart he's like hey i actually
transferred you away from me i've got to
go full dark side and i don't want to
bring you with me but alicia's like yo
uncle strand i can handle the dark side
i've been right there with you before
but he's like look i don't want you to
have to go there again she went through
a whole thing in season five where she
wouldn't kill even zombies because she's
like becoming a better person he gives
her the same christopher necklace that
daniel gave to him earlier to help
remember who you are
and darkseid strands got some master
plan speaking of daniel he's really
sticking to the amnesia act even when
charlie plays him the guitar song that
he taught her but that night as he's
being moved to some other colony he's
like oh guard i forgot my good barber
scissors so when the guard goes back to
get him daniel whistles the song that
the whole group loved or whatever and he
gets a whistle call back from the
wilderness a zombie comes out and oh
it's killed by the coolest new character
on the show
yes it's morgan oh i love his new style
daniel immediately recognizes morgan
yeah of course he was faking and that's
how the episode comes to an end
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member